Thanks today on sports fan de blogspot
com I was starting quarterback Rick
stanzie Rick you took over the job at
starting quarterback last year talk a
little bit about what that transition
was for you from going off the bench to
becoming starter I think a lot of it was
responsibility you know you got to be
held more accountable because you know
you're going to be out there on
Saturdays and it's not just being the
backup and you know being there if
somebody goes down now you're out there
the whole team is looking to you to lead
and I think a lot of it was putting more
work during the week you know watching
more film studying the guys are gonna be
playing against because you know that
one Saturday hits you know the balls
gonna be rolling and everything's going
to happen you know real quick and the
more you know the better you can be
prepared in the better you'll play how
did how did you feel that your teammates
accepted you then as a starting
quarterback from being the reserve what
was there was there a different mindset
there was there a different relationship
there um I think the relationship was
still the same i think i had a girl
issue with the players before i was a
starter and it's been that way you know
since i've been the starter i think the
biggest thing that i had in my head was
just to earn more respect and that's the
only thing i could do and the way to do
that would be to work hard show it on
the field you finish the season four
straight wins starting with that Penn
State victory and then all the way
through to the outback bowl how did
those four wins how do you feel that
that's going to help propel you for this
upcoming season it was a good way to
finish the season I'm glad that we got
the finish strong that was really
important and then we stressed that a
lot as a team and that's only going to
help us out we had a good spring and you
know those four winds will you know they
were great but we got to remember that
this season's a whole new season and
that was great to end the season that
way but we started a new chapter we're
gonna have to work harder to you know be
better than we were last year what are
some of the keys to start off
successfully this upcoming fall I think
to start off successfully we got to come
together as a team and you know provide
leadership the older guys need provide
leadership for the young guys so that
they can have an example to lead to
follow and from there it just you know
goes with hard work and whatever type of
a you know time we put into the film
work and all the fundamentals of the
game during camp is really going to help
us the beginning of the year personal
goals you've set for yourself this fall
I don't have any personal goals but team
goals is uh right now to win the first
game and we'll go from there alright
sounds good that's Rick stanzie starting
quarterback I will football join us
again on sports fan de blogspot com